 puzzles : https://gpuzzles.com/questions/interview/aptitude/de-shaw-puzzles-answers/
Serialization : of static vars, etc RTTI
serialization, garbage collection implementation
OS : threading, deadlock, Paging, etc
databases : indexes, keys concepts, normalizations, transactions, ACID, some typical sql queries for finding max/min/heirarchial etc
bit manipulations
Generics, functional interface
Collections.sort().
LRU cache
singelton: eager, lazy, thread-safe, bill-pugh(static inner class), significance of serialization on singleton(If singleton class is Serializable, you can serialize the singleton instance. Once it is serialized, you can deserialize it but it will not return the singleton object.To resolve this issue, you need to override the readResolve() method that enforces the singleton. It is called just after the object is deserialized. It returns the singleton object.) classloader(If singleton class is loaded by two classloaders, two instance of singleton class will be created, one for each classloader.)
deep/shallow copy
check for bst given preorder/postorder/inorder etc. Generate tree from pre/post/inorder in array.
remove duplicates in array linear time
Find the next largest int of a given int such that it has same number of 1's in binary
find two's complement of a given decimla number.Print the decimal value of 2's complement.
 width of bst - see from massiveinterviews
1. lexicographic ordering of substrings in a string
2. Check if a given string is sum-string
3. text justification problem - DP
5. Red black tree/avl tree implementations
--
lexicographic ordering of substrings in a string
Find the next largest int of a given int such that it has same number of 1's in binary
find two's complement of a given decimla number.Print the decimal value of 2's complement.

comparable/comparator for sorting custom objects in collection. sorting method in collection uses modified merge sort.arrays.sort uses double pivot quick sort
Puzzles(Read from crazyforcode/geeksforgeeks) :
1.  Two cops and a robber are located on opposite corners of a cube and move along its edges. They all move at the same rate. Is it possible for the cops to catch the robber. [Each of the 3 people can see each other at all times and can react instantaneously to each others movements. Stopping is allowed.]
2.  In some tournament 139 teams have participated. Tournament is knock out. what is the number of matches to choose the champion to be held?
3. Given a 7mt long gold bar , need to cut and give to worker for 7 days (1 meter long) How many min cuts?